Oh yeah, oh yeah
Oh, yeah
I′ve been contemplatin', meditatin′
Should've waited, should've never dated
You seem irritated, baby, why you never say it?
Isn′t this worth saving?

I can feel you fading off
We′re not gonna make it, oh
Guess you cannot take it
Guess it's worth sayin′

It's none of your concern anymore
None of your concern
Is it even worth it at all?
Is it even worth it?

Is it gonna work anymore?
Is it gonna work?
Am I being hurt anymore?
Am I being hurt? Nah, yeah

I′ve been hearin' things and seeing
Things and so it seems you movin′ on from me
Of course you on the scene with little miss
Thing, and trust me she really don't want beef

That's besides the point,
I′m disappointed as a homie, what is it you see?
I want better for you movin′ forward
What's better for you than me?

Guess that′s none of my concern anymore
None of my concern (It ain't worth anymore)
It ain′t even worth it no more
It ain't even worth it (It ain′t worth it)

It don't even hurt anymore
It don't even hurt (It don′t, don′t hurt)
It ain't gonna work anymore
It ain′t gonna work, yeah

You've been hearin′ things and seeing
Things and so it seems I'm movin′ on my own
The audacity to question me,
Like you ain't leave me out here on my own

I was traumatized and suicidal
Sick and tired, I am not to blame
Once I felt the wave and not today
I'm not afraid, now I can say

Get your bitch ass off of my phone
Please leave me alone
I am not your girl anymore
You need to watch your tone

Don′t worry about who it is I′m fuckin' or
Who I am lovin′, just know that it is not you
This isn't up for discussion, I wish you good luck man
When it comes to you

It′s none of my concern anymore
None of my concern (Anymore, anymore)
I know what I don't deserve anymore
I know what I deserve (Anymore, anymore)

Not scared to be alone anymore
Not scared to be alone (Anymore, no, no)
It don′t even hurt anymore
It don't even hurt

You've been on some bullshit

Ha, ha, ha, ha

Yeah

You know I had these issues when you met me (Ooh yeah)
Results of those past damages that I haven′t dealt with

And I only want the best for you
Movin′ forward but you backtracking with niggas
That ain't shit for you don′t belong around your aura
You know there's not a day in these modern times

You haven′t crossed my mind, we both cross the line
Seems like I needed you more than I needed myself
Just like I always felt like cheatin' on you
Would be cheatin′ myself

To me that's just some dumb shit
For you to say we done with
Tryna speak your heart, tryna make your mark
Then go deeper and make a scar

But every time I lay down, I think about you naked
And if you find my replacement, how could you?
I made you cum nine times in one day
Your two lips are comin' of age, you rode my face

I realize you look as good as you taste, hmm (Yeah)
Fingers only a mile from grabbin′ you up
And dickin′ you down, I'm grabbin′ your waist
Your room's is my only escape
I guess that′s none of you concern